<p>"AJAR" </p>

<p>One-shot comic
Written by Alex Jarvis. </p>

<p>Character Rundown: </p>

<p>NARRATOR: Our nameless narrator. He exists in three forms. In all, he is White, Typical build, with Blonde hair. We see him as  toddler, at 17, and at 34. </p>

<p>MOM: Woman in her early 40s. Mother of Narrator. She'll look younger in the Flashbacks. </p>

<p>Summary: </p>

<p>This is a comic about Dread. I love existential horror. A lot of my personal storytelling follows a simple script: Introduce character, supply character with objective and verifiable truth, pull out shortly before the climax.</p>

<p>This is an idea I had when I was little. When I got older, I made it terrifying. </p>

<p>PAGE ONE 
We start, as all good things do, over Rum. </p>

<p>PANEL ONE
We see a wall of a room. It's a science lab.  </p>

<p>PANEL TWO 
Same wall, but now a bottle of rum has hit it and it has exploded. </p>

<p>PANEL THREE
We see the man who threw the rum - Blonde beard, Lab coat. He looks desperate. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR 
He looks over to the door on his right.  C</p>

<p>PANEL FIVE
It's sealed, with a Keypad next to it. "AUTHORIZED PERSONELL ONLY".</p>

<p>PANEL SIX 
We get a closeup on the rum running down the wall. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "I was an imaginative child." </p>

<p>PAGE TWO </p>

<p>PANEL ONE 
Reflection of the rum running down the wall, except it is rain on the outside of a car window. </p>

<p>PANEL TWO 
I see these top three frames being the same long image disected by frames, to show the time shife. In this case, more car window, maybe the hand of...</p>

<p>PANEL THREE
Our narrator, Toddler style! Strapped in a car seat. Cute as a button. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR 
Shot of Mom in the rear view mirror. Her eyes are smiling. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Imaginative was her word for it. There would be other words, throughout the years." </p>

<p>PANEL FIVE 
These next panels are made to look strange and stingy. Think classical stuffy teacher / therapist / student. 
Older Male. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Distracted." </p>

<p>PANEL SIX
Woman. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Inconsisent." </p>

<p>PANEL SEVEN
Younger girl. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Annoying." </p>

<p>PANEL EIGHT 
Priest. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Cursed." </p>

<p>PANEL NINE</p>

<p>One of the older Narrator again, in the rum-smashed room. He's crying, in a ball on the ground. </p>

<p>PAGE THREE </p>

<p>PAGE ONE </p>

<p>PANEL ONE 
Full panel of Mom, Smiling. Vantage point is like from a child in a supermarket cart. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "But to her? I was endlessly creative." </p>

<p>PANEL TWO</p>

<p>This is an interesting panel. It's the floorplan of a supermarket, showing an almost Family Circus style pathway through the supermarket. Inlaid in the panel, starting at the fruit, will be mini-panels. In these mini panels, there will be an apple, slowly being eaten by the Narrator. Mini-panels can show skins ripped off, left in the trail of the cart as the mother distractedly shops. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: " "As long as I can remember," She'd say to me. "you'd experiment. You'd sit there thinking, and in a flash, you'd ruin everything so ... neatly." She would say it with a smile." </p>

<p>PANEL THREE
A Grocery store checkout person points behind the mother to show her the train. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR 
we see the trail of apple peels and pieces.  </p>

<p>PANEL FIVE
Narrator is holding a half-eaten apple. </p>

<p>PANEL SIX 
the Mother is sort of half-dissapointedly looking at the kid. With her eyes, she's saying "you're a hassle, but I love you." </p>

<p>PANEL SEVEN, EIGHT, NINE
Another transitional panel. Showing him grow from Toddler to 17 in three panels. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "" Time just moved too quickly for me.", she'd say. "Always in a rush to do the next thing." " </p>

<p>PAGE FOUR </p>

<p>PANEL ONE
Clock reads 659. </p>

<p>PANEL TWO 
His eyes closed.</p>

<p>PANEL THREE 
Clock reads 7. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR 
His eyes open! </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "I learned, with time, that My mother was right about everything." </p>

<p>PANEL FIVish. </p>

<p>A series of loosely connected panels, each panel showing the narrator doing the associated activity. Among the activities will be inlaid clocks with the following times. Feel free to reuse the apple aesthetic </p>

<p>7:15 --> Say Goodbye to Mom</p>

<p>7:18 --> Watch Mom Leave </p>

<p>7:20 --> Shower</p>

<p>0:00 --> Old version of narrator. Facing the Big Door. </p>

<p>7:35 --> Start Breakfast</p>

<p>7:45 --> Masturbate. What? he's seventeen. </p>

<p>8:00 --> Lock the Door. </p>

<p>8:01 --> Begin walk to school. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "I began to live by "the Clock". Race myself, every day. Every day, make sure I didn't let my mind wander. Say good bye to mom. Cook. Lock the door. Every day. Out and In." </p>

<p>PANEL SIX </p>

<p>Closeup of the Narrator's eyes. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "And Yet..." </p>

<p>PAGE FIVE </p>

<p>PANEL ONE 
We see the big, wild outdoors. Now, remember, this kid is pretty ADHD, so drawing a world that overloads you with information might not be the worst. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "...my mind would wander." </p>

<p>PANEL TWO
Another "I am traveling" aesthetic. This time, to High school. top down map, showing the route he takes. Use newington if it'll help. this time, the little mini-panels are going to be exclamation marks, strange symbols, so on. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "During those walks, I was free from my self-imposed schedule. My "clock". I could wander. I could think. I could come up with any strange notion I dared." </p>

<p>PANEL THREE
Now, a list of his imaginations. Try and draw these more sketchy, as they represent ideas. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "One Day, maybe I'd be an archeologist, studying ancient relics and learning more about the world." </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR
animate the words however you want. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Another day, I'd be a professor. It was time for lecture, and I am the expert in my Field!" </p>

<p>PANEL FIVE</p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Perhaps I was a brilliant scientist who, after creating time travel, explored the past!" </p>

<p>PANEL SIX 
This one is going to be of the future-narrator. He Is scanning his thumb on the door reader. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Imagine, I thought. Getting a visit from your future. How interesting! How coy!" </p>

<p>PANEL SEVEN 
He walks into the school. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "From that day forward, even on "The Clock", I'd be on the lookout for me from the future." </p>

<p>PAGE SIX </p>

<p>This is one black page with a single, borderless panel. </p>

<p>PANEL ONE </p>

<p>The "Authorized entry only" door is open. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "I never thought it all the way through." </p>

<p>PAGE SEVEN</p>

<p>PANEL ONE 
We see older narrator, but this time standing in the bright colors of 17 year old narrator's environment. Perhaps a callback to Pg4Pn6? </p>

<p>PANEL TWO 
the brightness of the environment encapsulating him again, this time as an older man. Callback to Pg5Pn1? </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "As a child, every day seems drastically important." </p>

<p>PANEL THREE 
Old-Narrator (ON) looks down. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR 
ON's watch says "2:20" </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Even on the "Clock", every day seems Grandiose."</p>

<p>PANEL FIVE
ON looks up to see...</p>

<p>PANEL SIX
Young Narrator (YN) walking home from school! </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "Most are indistinguishable." </p>

<p>PAGE EIGHT </p>

<p>PANEL ONE </p>

<p>another time-lapse drag-on panel taking up the entire top row. Each bisected panel shows a scene, but to convey movement, we have YN in every one of them. ON is hiding somewhere in the middle panel, watching YN from afar. in the third bisected panel, YN is looking back at ON. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "So why come back then?" </p>

<p>PANEL TWO 
YN's face looking, briefly, at ON. </p>

<p>PANEL THREE
ON looking at YN. </p>

<p>PANEL FOUR</p>

<p>Similar to Panel One here, we get more disected panels, moving away from Old Narrator. feel free to break the form of the paneling to go baack to a more expressive style. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "As a time traveler, you'd have to make a choice. You'd have to know what day you want to come back for." </p>

<p>PANEL FIVE
A shot of YN walking. I want this to be where the dread builds. Maybe shapes and characters above his head, to denote that he is daydreaming. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "You'd probably have a date in mind." </p>

<p>PANEL SIX
YN's head is turned to see that Mom's Car is in the driveway. </p>

<p>PANEL SEVEN
YN walks past car, curiously. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "What are the chances it is a day picked at random?" </p>

<p>PAGE NINE</p>

<p>Page nine is the moneyshot. It's the terror. The horror of it all. </p>

<p>In three seperate panels, We see: </p>

<p>--The narrator's Shocked face </p>

<p>--The door to the house, slightly ajar.</p>

<p>--Old Narrator Crying in a Grocery Store aisle. </p>

<p>The narrators words here are sort of dancing around the panels. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "What if it is the day when everything changes?" </p>

<p>PAGE TEN</p>

<p>All black. Just shading and such. Light is coming in from outside, silouhetting YN. </p>

<p>Three 'panels'. slighly ajar, mid-way open door, fully open door.</p>

<p>PAGE ELEVEN </p>

<p>Same as the final panel of page ten, but now with the script's actual first piece of dialog. </p>

<p>NARRATOR: "...Mom?"  </p>
