I. 

I am in my car, and I am smiling. 

"Can I tell you something, Alex?" 

I have to keep my eyes on the road. He's got to be at his game in twenty minutes, and we're only about five away. I'm taking my time, keeping it safe and slow. We had just finished singing a very loud accapella version of "Don't carry it all" by The Decemberists. I really like hanging out with this kid. I get paid, sure, but he's a legitimately decent human, this fantastic kid, and he wants to tell me something. How cool is that? 

"It's about my blog." 

And he has a blog. This fucking kid. 

"Tell me about it, buddy." 

"Well." He prepares his sentence. There's a story coming. "I made my new blog with a different username." 

"Different than your usual one?" 

"Yes. Yes. Different." He's got the inflection of an evil genius. 

"Why?" 

"Weeeeeellll." Here's the punchline. "It turns out, I already made one on Wordpress, but I can't use the same username for this other thing. I think it's because of the old username!" He's delighted, and it's infectious. My smile beams. "It's like, I can't be me, because I am me!" 

I give a quick, pained "Hah!".   

"How funny is that, Alex?" 


II. 

Christ, She's cute. It's late October, and I'm well into my seasonal flu. Two seasonal illnesses, actually, although this one is always the more potent of the two. It's fall, and I like a girl with short hair (and I have, and I will.). 

The lights have been out for two days now. The Bastard has fallen. 

But I'm here, and I'm looking at the girl with short hair. I'm thinking about everything, because I am not well; I am not well. I wonder what she looks like naked, if she's a Dom or a Sub, if she would be O.K. falling asleep to Weird Al. I wonder if I snore still. My stomach gurgles. There's snow on the ground. She's speaking and I am only half listening. The other half is trying, desperately, not to slip up. It's working so far. 

We've been engaged in riposte reparte for the better part of three dates. "Dates". Not important. She's talking and I'm waiting for my chance to stab back with a response, to keep up the game, to 

"I wonder if you can have a serious conversation." 

I lose my footing. "What do you mean?" 

"Your act. 'The Alex Jarvis show.'" My arms go limp. "I wonder if you ever break out of it." 

She keeps walking, and I follow her. She's very cute, but I won't pretend she didn't land a blow just then. But, she keeps walking. But, I follow her. 

III. 

I'm Nineteen and my hand is trembling. I can barely hold on to my phone.

I can't feel my arms, my legs. My ears echo with the sound of blood running through them. 

"Say that again?" I speak into the mic, knowing I didn't mishear but - as always - playing my part.

I did not mishear. The world has gone black. I do not smile. 

"She really said I did that?" 

IV. 

I'm Twenty-tree again, and she's being very sincere. 

"I know you can have a serious conversation, Alex." Ah, well, That's good, I guess. "This persona, 'The Alex Show'," I nod, moving my hand, **get on with it**, "It's who you are." I've been saying, woman! I've been saying! She continues. 

"I guess there's nothing underneath." She didn't mean to, but I am bleeding from her blow. She sees I've got horror on my face. She's exceedingly nice. 

"I didn't mean to..." She smells the blood. Danger, danger. "You should try to not perform all the time. It must be tiring." 

V. 

I am so tired. 

Not in the sense that my generation has come to know it as, I.e., "I am so tired of this shit". My arms are tired, my eyelids are heavy, I want to sleep, I am always about to sleep. I'm tired of dancing. I am tired of smiling, of quick-witted response, I am tired of "The Alex Jarvis Show." 

I've kept you all at arms length because of my grandiose bullshit. Because I do not want to be vulnerable. Because it is easier to play Alex Jarvis than it is to be him. I've designed (though not consciously) a much more rigorous character, one that can have playful faults, one that gives away everything about him, one that never commits to a sentence if it isn't backwards or entirely grey. I'm tired of performing the character that I thought I should be. 

I desperately love most of you. The raw joy I have for most people that I am even vaguely acquainted to borders on embarrassing. You are my apes. You are my special humans. You're my friends, and I am tired of The Alex Jarvis Show. 

This isn't about her, of course. She's lovely. This has nothing to do with her, except for the fact that she set this off. I'm close to thanking her, actually. 

Close. 

I've seen this look in people's eyes when I talk to them about it. I ask them if I am performing, if they get who I am, and they all display the same reaction. Their eyes plead. **Oh, no** I can hear, **He's getting it.** These people (these wonderful fucking people) can't tell when I am sincere, they have been forced to put up with this caricature of a man because I wasn't comfortable occasionally falling down. 

I don't take myself seriously. That would require being vulnerable, accepting mistakes, admitting emotions without hint of irony or hyperbole or rationalization. I've got to unwrap that. I've got to stop being the performer (except at parties. Everyone loves a performance at a party). 

And it is not a total illusion. I am not suggesting that everyone suddenly realize that I am X when you have always considered me Y. I've played a parody of myself, one that jokes (Aww, shucks) about never finding a lady while contemplating rough sex, one who says what he feels wrapped up in layers of cross-speech and doublespeak until it is entirely likely that you don't care what I meant anymore. I never want someone to question my sincerity. I never want to be mistaken for larger then life, or narcissistic, or any of the qualities I've accepted for a giggle.  

I know this so dangerously borders on livejournal entires (Listening to: Skrillex, "Kill Everybody", Current Mood: Melancholic) but it's what I had in me today, and it's what ended up on the paper (screen). This isn't a big reveal or removal or change. I want to be more honest. I want to be more sincere. 

I love you people, and I am tired of performing for you. 

I am just tired. 

VI. 

My car won't start, and the Kid is done with his soccer game. We're waiting for my father to bring the jumper cables. 

"Can we play soccer, Alex?" he asks me, in his gear. There's an empty...

"What do you call this, Buddy?" I motion, feeling very stupid. "where you play soccer." 

"A field." 

There's an empty field near the car. My dad is twenty minutes away. The breeze smells like dates with pretty girls who get their hair cut short. 

"Alright, buddy." We rip off our coats. We begin to scream and yell like animals, diving for the ball and causing odd looks in our direction.  As we kick the ball around, we can't help but sing, very loudly and off key: Don't carry it all, Don't carry it all. 
