There's that feeling again.

Whatever sets it off is always something small, minor. Something people see every day, something we forget about or take for granted. A picture of the earth from space. An infant receiving a cochlear implant. An old man walking with his wife. 

It is a pull from behind my tongue. That's always how it starts. 

Suddenly my eyes are watering and my first is clenched and, if you were to look at my face, you'd say I was angry. My teeth begin to chatter. I want to grab the nearest human by the neck and show them; **look. Look at what we've done.Look at what the apes have done today.**

It's an ancient urge, one that drove cavemen to paint on walls (I have no walls, I have this machine, I have these keys, the noise they make, I have you) and it screams. It's loud. **Look. Look at what we're capable of.** It's inexorably linked to paternity, maternity, parenthood, *lineage*. This is what we have. This is what we've done. You want the whole of humanity (hairless apes learned to walk on two legs) to join together and shout into the sky (writing on the wall, flickering in the firelight), a single unified message that **We are here!** but not only that, **We have always been here!**, *but not only that*, **We Will Always Have Been Here!** 

And then, it subsides. You remember that humanity is not always living up to it's potential, that the world is very often a terrible place, and that your life is too short. You recall that we are weaker than we should be.

*And yet*, smile stuck in your teeth, *and yet.* 

