*Heroes* by David Bowie might be my favorite song of all time. David Bowie somehow called the most honest bluff of my generation some decades before we'd inherit it; our ability for the grandiose. David Bowie is giving a voice to countless young lovers (as he is so good at doing) when he proclaims his role in society, proudly, boldly, "I, I will be King", and of his partner, "You, You will be queen." 

I came to learn about this song in a not entirely respectable way, though not entirely egregious either. I was 13, and a girl I liked liked a movie called **Moulin Rogue**. In it, there is a medley of songs denoting that flowery sort of love. I learned the medley entirely (because a pubescent Alex knew that songs were the way to the heart of the women around him - not muscle, or guitar, no: songs from musicals about the bohemian revolution) including the lines, "We can be Heroes - Just for one day." 

Imagine that. Heroes. Just for one day. 

It's an embarassing realization to come by, years later, that the person you've come to idolize (Mr. Bowie) is the person you've been singing to yourself in the car since you were old enough to realize what erections stood for. 

There's something else buried in the song, though. "And we can beat them, Just for one day." A desperation, also a signature of our time. "We can beat them." Them. the generic enemy. He wears a suit and a tall mask, our fathers called him "The Man", we. can. BEAT. them. 

Just for one day. 

"And we kissed." 

There's the familiar struggle. 



