# Masturbation#
##By Alex Jarvis##
===

There you go. Can you hear me? 


Good. I've never done this before, you'd think I'd be more familiar with... well, I'm not. 

I'm not sure what to say. 

I guess I'll talk about myself, then? 

Right. 

I was born in Seattle, Washington. Actually, I was raised in Seattle, I'm not entirely sure where I was born. I don't know anything about my birth parents beyond the fact that they were very young. I bounced around the foster system until I was six, where Martha and Thomas Groeller adopted me. That makes me Thomas Groeller, but not Thomas Groeller junior. I am definitely not his junior, by any stretch of the imagination. 

He wasn't a drunk, he didn't hit me. He never molested me or abused me sexually (though, allegations run wild). It was a much more subtle kind of neglect, the kind that doesn't scar, that doesn't hurt. It's a systematic and nigh unnoticeable system of neglect. It amounts to about as much hostility; I don't hate him by any stretch of the imagination. It's just when he calls, I don't pick up. 

I guess you'd call that father issues? I bet there is a whole subroutine for that. 

Not the most talkative, are you. Fair enough. 

When I was eighteen I moved to New York City. Don't believe what you hear...

What do  I call you? What's your name? 

... anyway, I moved to New York City with three hundred dollars in my pocket. I was homeless for two months while I worked at the McDonalds in downtown Brooklyn, using the free showers at the Y and sleeping in whatever shelter would have me for the night. I stole food, that's true.  There's security camera footage of me stealing from a fantastic little all-hours Bodega near Madison Square Garden that TMZ pulled up some two years after the fact. I made a big show of donating some money their way after the story broke. Or was that the one I bought? It's... 

Details. Unimportant, I guess - or, do you work best with the details? I'll try to keep it mission critical.

A year later - I'm twenty by this point - I am working as a waiter at an Italian restaurant just outside of times square when, after my shift, I am approached by a large man whom I had served about an hour earlier. He is flanked by two skinny men in business suits, each with seemingly perfect round heads heads. Each was seemingly tied to the fatter one by a whisper of thought, bluetooth earpieces lighting up and whispering little bits of information into the fatter one. Damian Uter, of the United Kingdom. He was the owner of FeelJoy Dildonics, and he wanted - these are his words, now - "To make me the most famous man alive." 

Here's the rundown. 

They start with a learning A.I., one just smart enough that it can suss out patterns in speech. "Natural language processing". Of course, they don't need to fake an actual consciousness - you don't have conversations with them (*clearly*), but they do have to have some ability to understand what you are saying and why. Now, with the most advanced motors the world can offer, combined with the FeelJoy OverJoy(trademark, patent pending) and with the brain of this A.I., (his words) "We can make the most realistic sex companion the world has ever seen, one specifically tailored to not only your unique physical needs, but also the needs of your psyche."  And they wanted me to be the model for it, something about how "decidedly real" I looked. I'm no slouch, I keep myself fit. I wouldn't say I'm a supermodel, but it felt nice to be noticed. 

The catch: I had to basically sign over my likeness to FeelJoy Dildonics. They had full right to use me however they wanted (which is fitting, if you think about it for a second), my face, my voice, everything. I became property of FeelJoy Dildonics for as long as this model (Oh, they called them "YourLoves", I was YourLoves - 4, or "Mr. YourLoves" as I'd come to be known) was in production. I had a huge problem with this, of course. I wanted to be an actor, known for something, not just a new-fangled blow-up doll. I wasn't going to (quite literally) whore myself out. 

Turns out, I am just an expensive whore. $600,000 dollars, a few perks, and a percentage of units shipped, and I was in a 3-D imaging studio. Eighty four cameras scanned me while I stood like the Virtruvian man. "Look Mysterious yet inviting". Hard to do that with your cock out, thanks. 

That also confused me. Why me? I'm a man. Wouldn't this be a hit with men more than women? I didn't have any qualms about a Man purchasing the... the *me* for sex, but I figured that a woman doll would at least have more of a need in the market. "All in due time, kid" was all the fat little runt Uter choked out. I'm not sure why I have that hostility towards him, he's been nothing but kind. Fucking cunt. 

Six months (and a much nicer apartment) later, I had gotten a call from NBC at five in the afternoon. They wanted to know if I was Thomas Groeller Junior (No, I said, I was Thomas Groeller *fullstop*) and if I was the face of the "Mr. YourLove" Companion (first time I heard the use of the word "Companion" to mean "Thinking Fuckhole"). They wanted me on Television to talk about this. I then said what is possibly the stupidest thing I've ever said (this lit up Twitter when it got out, let me tell you): "I don't think I want myself associated with this sex doll." 

Did you know that Christopher Robin Became a drunk? Christopher Robin Milne, son of A.A. Milne, writer of the Winnie the Pooh books. Total drunk. Couldn't live up to himself. Just some food for thought. 

The next three years were an absolute blur. I appeared on Conan O'Brien, 60 Minutes, I got my own Youtube Channel. I was, without a doubt, the most sexually active person in the entire world. Men and women on all seven continents had purchased my doll, despite the heft price tag. I had been translated into twelve different languages. There were sweatshops in china working on knockoff "Mr. YourLove's" that still wore my face. I made eighty million dollars in residuals. Much Nicer apartment. 

I haven't had sex in almost a year and a half. 

When the news broke, I was dating a girl named Megan. She was absolutely lovely - a petite little Brunette, was attending CUNY for library science. She loved dogs and running, and she might have loved me if everyone else wasn't. That was her excuse, you see: "How can I have you if everyone has you?". A Fair point. 

There would be four Megan's in the years since, four women who couldn't handle having a relationship with me. This cut slightly worse than the Laura's. They hurt, sure - they were significantly more numerous. 

Laura's are girls that would walk up to you in public and look at you like they were hungry. They didn't care that something wearing your face fucked over thirty percent of the world's population. They were into it. They wanted to see the genuine article in action. "Making it with Mr. YourLove: Why Sex is a Losing Battle", by Laura Pelligato. Megan, thankfully, declined the interview. 

I learned quickly to spot a laura: feigned look of dissatisfaction, excuses, sudden departure. It was like my special had all worn off since they met me. I knew why, of course; The YourLoves were tailored for their psychology. It fulfilled them in the mind and in the body. Whatever they needed, whatever thing that they needed expressed, whatever facet of their creation that needed massaging, it got massaged. 

FeelJoy consumer metrics suggests that 5% of the YourLove dolls don't even have penetrative sex. They cuddle. Corresponding data: in the two years since YourLove went global, the birth rate has dropped 5% in America, 2% worldwide.

The problem is, everyone has an idea of what "Good sex" is, and they had found their individual ideal. Worse, they had associated it with me. I was the same thing as the best sex they could ever possibly have. How the hell could I possibly compete with that? I mean that literally; how could I ever hope to reach the theoretical limits of "Good Sex" against myself? I'm the most sexually active man in all of creation, and yet I can't hold a candle against myself. 

I feel defeated and worthless. I feel... like you are more important than I am. I feel a lot like Christopher Robin. Christopher Robin Milne. 

Now, I don't know how this works - honestly, I didn't ask any questions - but, I'm going to leave you here for a little while, let you crunch the numbers, figure out whatever you're supposed to. When I get back, be ready. We're going to find out what all the fuss is about.
