In the Place That Was Before, two gods frollicked in their handmade paradise. Abundant and cheerful, strong and virulent stood Lif, God of all things that die. His partner was Te, Everlasting and methodical, Logical and Creative, God of all things that do not die. 

When Lif and Te met, the world around them seemed broken and cold. All things that die prayed with their bodies for the arrival of Lif, and all things that did not die prayed with their minds for the arrival of Te. When all things were dead, both those that could and could not die, there stood only Lif and Te, naked and shimmering as the world grew further broken, further cold. Their first night of love was matched with the destruction of the world, the closing of the sky, the creation of the Place That Was Before. 

"There is no more," Lif proclaimed. "What once was is no longer." Lif began to mourn his followers, those that could die, those that would no longer be. 

"Silly Lif." Te proclaimed, taking her lover within her again. "I am the product of that which cannot die. There is none that can defeat me. And as you are in me, there is none that can defeat you." 

Lif seemed angered by the notion. "You would make love on the broken shards of the world? On the corpses of our progenitors?" 

"Silly Lif." Te proclaimed, fingering the shards of the world in her palms. "I am the product of that which cannot die. There is none that can not be fixed. We can rebuild this. We can turn this into a paradise. A monument to our progenitors. What say you, Lover?" 

Lif thought this, and found it good. "Yes, Lover. We will make this broken place our paradise. We will live here, eternal." 

And so they build their paradise, and they lived there eternal, the place known as The Place That Was Before.


       
