#The only one that matters#
##By Alex Jarvis##
===

Somewhere, there is a Bullet. 

This bullet is of no special significance, save for the fact that it is every bullet, it has always been there, and it exists outside of time, a perfect bullet, "the" bullet, the notion of a bullet all wound up in metal and shell. It exists, right now.

At some coming day, a poor, weak human will fire that bullet. With six million eyes watching it's trajectory it will float through the air, finding it's target, under the watch of six million, then six billion eyes. After that day there will be nothing but the world and this bullet, there will be nothing but the war and this bullet. It is the first bullet, the one that has always existed. 

It has killed gods and kings when once it was called "Arrow", "Spear", "Sword", "Rock", and it will kill again, but this time differently. Some poor soul will make that mistake and fire that bullet, and all that will matter are the people who fired it and the people it hit. Police break up peaceful riots in the town of Boston - my Home if there ever was one - and the eyes are all watching, stalwart, for any signs of the bullet. 

In the days after the bullet we will lose our minds. 

All that will matter is the curvature of the finger of the man that pulled the trigger, his name, his face, a video played on a monitor, his mind. They will pull him apart, but not nearly as much as the man who ascended to godhood, that glorious figure that will be lit in effigy by the fire of the bullet. No one stands taller than a Martyr. The poor soul - poorer than the one that fired, arguably - will be brought above the entire army, because that is what all thinking people become after a man has fired a bullet, an army. There will be no more quiet acceptance when there is bloodshed. There will be a video of a human being killing another human being. It will be watched hundreds of millions of times. It will be played on television. It will be the thing that says it all. 

It will bring more bullets. 

It will define us. 

In years to come, we will sit our children down and show them the consequences of the bullet, each time it came up - when Hitler gassed the Jews, when Oswald shot Kennedy, each foul time it arrived in our history we will show up to produce evidence that we were weaker than we could have been; that we were not strong enough, that we were weak. And even as the earth spins, we will saunter around this earth, always remembering who fired the bullet, and who was the one being shot. We will never forgive. We will never forget. It will be our war wound, the thing that hurts every time we move our arm, the scar that our grandchildren ask about, "Where were you when we were weaker men?"  

There has only ever been one bullet, throughout the whole of time. 

I honestly fear it is coming again; I do not know what will happen when it does. 


