What happened, suddenly didn't. That's the only way to describe it. I was twelve, skateboarding across Cedar street at the main street intersection. I was listening to Blink 182's "Take off Your Pants and Jacket", a full two years away from grasping the entire significance of that album's title. I have a 7-11 Big Gulp in my stomach. I've purchased Yu-gi-oh cards, and I am briefly killed by a fat woman in a baby blue mini-Van. 

The front bumper immediately shattered my thigh bone (Femur) on my left side, my hip bone (Pelvis) breaking in at least three places as my body curled around the hood. My neck snapped shortly thereafer (I can't be sure if it was hyperextended or a full fracture) but I felt the brains hit my head, and I saw the lights go out. The last thing I saw was my Mp3 player shattering on the ground, me, flying through the air. Cardboard cards floated in the summer humidity. 

A moment later I was twelve, skateboarding across Cedar street at the main street intersection. I was listening to Blink 182's "Take off your pants and Jacket", my heart racing, barely hearing the screetching tires of a fat woman driving a baby blue mini-van. 

I remembered it all. The pain, the torn flesh, everything. I felt my body die, but instead, I am alive. I am still here. Nothing is broken. I got home and laid in bed for a solid hour before chalking it all up to nerves. "Whatever they put in that big gulp", I remember saying to myself. Laughing it off. 

I didn't die again for two whole years. 

This time, I was the one in the car (silver 2001 dodge neon with one tail light) and there was no kid on a skateboard, there was a deer. Four months after getting my license, a deer wandered onto the Merrit Parkway. It was, you know. Deer colored. I don't remember much; it was night, no moonlight. I saw the deer too late, swerved. My face was skewered by a dense branch from a tree, creatively using the nasal cavity to smoothly rupture by spine. To date, the worst splinter I've ever gotten (though, not by far). 

It happened seventeen more times. Not the same way every time, mind you. Sometimes the guard rail did it (cut my aorta), sometimes the car airbag didn't deploy and my nose shot into my brain. In three of the instances, I stayed alive for hours, being dragged into an ambulance only to bleed out on the table (or have total systems failure, or have massive head trauma). When it finally stopped, the deer simply was no longer there. I was panting and my hands gripped the wheel, my arms braced for impact, but we kept driving. Well, Matt kept driving. I... I couldn't. I stayed in the backseat. They were none the wiser. We don't talk about that night. We never hit the deer. There was no deer. 

That bothers me the most, I think. What happened to the deer? What variable kept changing, and why did it have to be that the deer simply wasn't there? Did the deer stop existing, so that I could? That's not comforting in the slightest. It's a good thing that woman had a heavy foot, then, or me and my immortality would have erased a perfectly good human from this Earth. 

Some immortality, that allows for infinite deaths. Hell, I've committed suicide Eighty-four times.

The first forty times were for (what you might call) scientific experimentation. Drowned, cut, hung, burned, all mixed up and matched to see how this worked. Yes, it hurt, but I was curious. Like picking a scab, forty some-odd times.  I can't help it, it's there, and I have questions. 

No one had answers, but physics best comforted my ego: what if I was simply a Truth of the universe? What if I am so important (for some reason) that I can't be allowed to die? I am a universal truth; for the universe to exist, so must I. The easiest way to explain this would be through time manipulation. There was something that I was going to do that was so important, it wouldn't allow me to die until I had accomplished that task. Cue the paranoia; at first, I became worried that I had accomplished my menial task, and the next death would stick (the diagnostic suicides stopped soon thereafter). 

Paranoia has a tendency to get deeper: what if I was never going to die? I was Eighteen now, and pondering infinity. The idea that I could be "A Virgin Forever" was actually possible. This next one really threw me on my ass; what if this happened to lots of people, all the time? What if this happens to everyone, but everyone is afraid they are crazy? No, I thought, people die all the time. I must not have been the first one in the universe, right? I'm not that great. Those were dark times. I mean, on top of all that, I had to ask someone out to the prom.  

I immediately tried to figure out how to game it, to no avail. There was rarely any information that I could get and then quickly delete with an untimely death. That was also a hard part: I learned in my suicides that, given options, I would come back as close to my death as possible. So, if I fired a gun, it is much more likely that I should come back with the gun in hand, rather than before it even happened. Interesting side note: I could still smell gunpowder. The scheming ended with my plan to increase my chances for a prom date by making her heart rate faster. Some physical conditions persisted after my death-reboot, so I would manipulate this idea into making her like me. All this creativity put into the most backwards scheme, when talking to her like  person had never dawned on me. Being a teenager was rough, I guess. But her name was Rachel and I loved her, and love makes you do crazy things. I was going to jump down a flight of stairs and aim for the wall, hopefully crack my skull open. 

I missed. 

The next five years of my life, I didn't die once. I did spend three months in double leg casts, forcing our High School Graduation ceremony to include ramps. Prom was uneventful (Rachel went with her boyfriend, a person I would have learned about had I spoken to her like a human). I rehabilitated myself, went to college in Boston for physics with a minor in biology, if you can guess why. Five long years passed without a single death. I had met someone, (another Rachel, actually. Some guys just can't escape a name) I had adopted a dog (Prometheus) and life was doing well. 

I was at the top of the escalator of the Harvard Square red line stop, where the escalator turns and there is an excavated cave that they ran electricity through. It was a busy day, and I guess I didn't see where I was going. A wrong step propelled me down the stairs head first, knocking over people as I doofishly rode the escalator the fast way. My leg snapped as it whipped over my head on the final descent. I heard it snap; I know it snapped. It snapped because I couldn't stand, but I was healthy. I wasn't dying, I was perfectly fine. It was just my leg. 

But there I was, at the top of the escalator of the Harvard Square red line stop. There was the cave. I didn't miss my footing. I was going to die today. 

I surmised that the prevention of my leg being broken meant that my immortality just got more useful; I'm going to need that leg to do whatever I am doing. I have to stay alive a little bit more. I approached my stop at the red line outbound to Alewife. First time I came to Boston, I parked at Alewife. Almost threw myself off the side of the station wall, it was such a lovely feeling. 

The station was beyond packed with people trying to get out, trying to move. The denseness of the humans was palpable, everyone was moving, pushing, angry at the MBTA for the traffic, shoving. The man who played guitar was playing a song at the top of his lungs, but it couldn't penetrate the embellished and entitled, who wanted to get the fuck out of dodge - so much so, that one man pushed a woman who shoved a father of three, and one of the three (two of the three, chronologically) toppled onto the tracks as the soothing voice said "Red Line to Alewife is now approaching." He couldn't have been more than six; everyone could not have been more still. The child's shadow was slowly moving, cast by the bright lights of the oncoming train. The driver looked panicked, her shoulders flailing as her hands, unseen, moved. 

Please, let this be it. 

I pushed a man aside and - with two strong legs - ran onto the tracks. The kid looked up at me, and I took a look back. I almost forgot I was about to die. Who would she be? What would she become? I wanted to know her name, but there was no time. With my luck, it would be Rachel. 

Now, the crowd grasps hungrily at the tot - no more than six - and gobbles her back into them, all the while benign offers for help are ignored as they see what I see, an approaching train and not enough time to scoop me out. I love my life. This should be the end.  

The light engulfs me and I am encompassed by comfort. I have what no other man has: security in purpose. I do not need to feign certainty, for I know what I was here to do. She is safe. The Train approaches. I am allowed, finally, to die. 

I open my eyes, and I see a train. 
