There is a Giant Oak Tree that has loomed over my house since it's construction, and lord, is that Old Bastard coming down today. 

It's an unusually early snowfall here in the Northeast (although there isn't really a regular snowfall here; I can think of several winters where I woke up christmas day to an orange-green yard and a dry, bitter wind) but it's not only early, it's wet. It's heavy and wet, it's thick and wet and cold and greying and it will not stop, not yet. The electricity dimmed in my living room (and I was watching my cartoons, and hell should back the man who interrupts my rituals) and I could have sworn I heard thunder - but it wasn't thunder. It was the Giant Oak Tree, the Old Bastard finally growing tired of life and vomitting on my roof. Moments later, in the corner of my eye, three branches each as thick as my head and about 14 feet long fell onto the ground in the back yard with a sickening **thud**. 

*Missed me.* 

I've always known this Old Bastard was going to kill me, with it standing just at the north-west corner of our house (another foot and it'd be in the living room). I didn't expect it to be methodical, taking my power (and with it, our ability to eat 90% of the perishables in the fridge)n attacking me at my weakest (my Yearly Nemesis returned - they are in cahoots, I am sure of it), and if I am not killed of bordeom or disease then I will be killed by it's heaving branches, slamming on our roof, caving in my head. It's had it in for me ever since I pissed on it when I was five. Hell of a birthday party. You were there, you Old Bastard. You remember.  

(For those trying to pierce further meaning from this, all one of you; I am not using the tree as a metaphor for death. I'm explaining that it might kill me, and it's at least bad form (at worst bad thinking) to use the metaphor in the metaphor. It would be like explaining your sexual prowess by counting the times you've masturbated.) 

In short: I'll be dead soon, I think. I've had a lovely time. Burn my corpse. Ignore my faults. Remember me truly. Never Love Again. 

