Untitled Mars Project 

The first manned mission to Mars hinged on a bet. The process of sending a team to mars and back was a financial and logistical nightmare.  NASA proposed an alternative plan: send a small team to Mars on a one-way trip. The intent would be to set up a permanent colony on Mars, with the Astronauts destined to stay on the Red Planet.  The international community responds by offering several astronauts to accompany the core American team. Their mission is to establish a working colony on mars in preparation for the larger crew, who are set to arrive 18 months after the original crew departs. 

The crew consists of: 

Col. Mark Anderson, U.S.A. Old-fashioned Flyboy, chose this mission for all the boring reasons. Left behind a wife that unceremoniously divorced him upon taking the mission. Further background in Architecture. Catholic. 

Lt. Jordan North, U.S.A. Replacement to original second-in-command, Jordan is a high-strung, but loyal, pilot in the Air Force before signing on to the Mars mission. Unattached. She has a background in Astronomy, but Career military. Protestant. 

Dennis Ivanov, Ph.D, U.S.A. Edaphologist, sent to measure the surface of mars for any signs of life, and prepare the surface for terraforming. Dies at outset of story. Nonreligious.

Nicole Forgette, U.S.A., Botanist. One of two Botanists sent to ensure the O2 filter would remain in production, focusing primarily on the survival systems. Hobby Mycologist. Non Religious

Andrea Kaul, Ph.D, M.D., U.K.,  Physicist . tasked with keeping the team alive and well, as well as acting as a biologist to the inherited lifeforms of earth. Nonpracticing Hindi, nonreligious. 

Liao Han, "Leo".  PRC, Botanist. Botanist in charge of maintaining eatable crop on the surface. Loner. Closeted gay. Bhuddist. 

Madeline Saal, Germany, Mechanical Engineer. Semi-Famous engineer, previously working on aircraft engines. Now tasked with making sure the Aklai tunnels are in proper working condition. Atheist. 

Aadil Mahmad: France, Chemical Engineer/Geologist. French prodigy, chosen for the mission above all other takers in the field. Given specific grants to complete physics experiments on the surface. Practicing Muslim.  
